Update windows.md for validating FIPS (#3897)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/install-collector/windows.md

        crypto/internal/backend/cng_windows.go:34 +0x85
```

> This means you are running the Sumo Otelcol FIPS binary in a non-FIPS environment. The FIPS binary is built using the `requirefips` mode, which causes the collector to only work in a FIPS-compliant environment and fail to start otherwise. To verify if your instance is in FIPS mode follow steps below
> 
> 1. Open up your registry editor and navigate to HKLM\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\Lsa\FIPSAlgorithmPolicy\Enabled.
> 2. If the Enabled value is 0 then FIPS is not enabled. If the Enabled value is 1 then FIPS is enabled. See [documentation](https://github.com/microsoft/go/blob/microsoft/main/eng/doc/fips/README.md#build-option-to-require-fips-mode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means you are running the Sumo Logic Otelcol FIPS binary in a non-FIPS environment. The FIPS binary is built using the `requirefips` mode, which means that the collector only works in a FIPS-compliant environment and will fail to start otherwise.

To verify if your instance is in FIPS mode, open your registry editor and navigate to **HKLM\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\Lsa\FIPSAlgorithmPolicy\Enabled**.
* If the Enabled value is `1`, then FIPS is enabled successfully.
* If the Enabled value is `0`, this means FIPS is not enabled. See the [Build option to require FIPS mode](https://github.com/microsoft/go/blob/microsoft/main/eng/doc/fips/README.md#build-option-to-require-fips-mode) documentation to enable it.
```
